I'm John Howard I'm a musician
producer also co-founder of a vague
I was in high school playing in bands I
was supposed to go to college I skipped
my college orientation to play show and
so the next day my parents sent me down
they're like listen we know your heart's
not in this like we fully support you
just being you and just like going out
and doing your thing I ended up
submitting a VHS tape to audition for
this band called Dismas I didn't have
the money to like buy multiple plane
tickets so I flew out there and I was
like hey I'm here you know I hope this
goes well and it did we spent five or
six years together from there I ended up
moving to Nashville during that time I
got into production just kind of about a
necessity I was doing demos for like
publishers and stuff like that and that
kind of parlayed itself into writing
sessions and just more production work
and mixing this is my Rupert Neve 50-60
centerpiece and it's basically like the
centerpiece of of a console so it's like
you know you can drive things into it
has transformers and you can sum your
mixes through it or you know it has lit
like this feature where you can add silk
so I just like it it kind of adds like
in a really like digital world to kind
of add some analog warmth in the most
simple way to me
generally I'm doing things in the box
I'm trying to keep things quick and you
know recallable so that I've if I have
to make a change for film and TV or
something which often happens like it
needs to happen really quickly
keep it digital for that reason but I
try to use like good compressors and and
pries when we're tracking the process of
making something come to life it's
addicting it's like my favorite thing in
the world because it's like there's this
process if this is like the best thing
we've ever made I think that at least
once every song you know I mean this is
like this is for sure the best thing
memory and you get further and further
in you're like this is like probably the
worst thing I've ever made actually and
then you start to circle around like the
more you build it out you start to
realize that you know maybe it's
somewhere in the middle or
this is like really great you know once
you kind of push through those feelings
that's the magical part for me the next
day like having that perspective on a
song you know it's there's nothing like
it the process of continually creating
is really important because you know if
we only have those things that we only
are willing to perfect then we get stuck
so I try to have a balance of both the
people in my life
they're what gives me energy and
perspective my wife
natalie is just she you know we're kind
of opposites that we collaborate on a
lot of different things like music is
one and that kind of like tension that
we have it's frustrating and amazing you
know it's something I want to trade for
the world with relationships in general
I'm trying to surround myself with
people who compliment me as far as their
personality traits
I got the opportunity to play for
Paramore which I've been doing from six
years
there's three guitarists for Paramore so
Destin New York and I will kind of
create an ax stereo effect one of the
more both might leave or maybe I'll be
doubling something Taylor's doing but
generally I'm like rhythm guitar I'm
kind of like filling things out and what
they call a utility guy so I'll I'll be
playing keys and you know whatever needs
to happen
I generally tried to do this is like the
amp that I use this divided by 13 is my
clean tone and then this of course is my
salt lamp which keeps the air pure this
is super important for me to have up
here one of the most interesting pedals
I have on here is by this company called
old blood noise and it's the black
fountain cool it's called an oil can
delay so it kind of does something that
most ways don't of course I have the
timeline POG of course which is kind of
a staple in the Paramore sound and the
liquid chorus by visual sound so yeah a
fuzz nothing too crazy this guitar is
really this is one of my favorites it's
a it's a Viking by Hagstrom and they
actually brought these to us mm-hmm when
we played Wembley instantly whether one
of my my favorites this one has been
through it all
yeah you can see it's pretty beat-up
this is I've had since you know there's
miss days I like paying on the back of
it and yeah it's just really special
made by this guy named Michael Tuttle if
I had a fire I would probably this would
probably be the guitar I grab you know
first and then I would come back in and
grab them all probably probably be
burned everyone involved in Paramore has
played such a big role in my creative
life you know from the moment I've
started playing with them until now it's
like it's just open doors they've like
shown me so much love
it's like family that stuff is kind of
parlayed into more opportunities Ave was
born out of this experience ahead I was
touring Paramore and making a record
with Aaron Gillespie who was touring
drummer we had to make the record on the
road though we were like this should be
easy we'll just like call in some favors
like find some friends who have spaces
and that just turned out to be like
pretty much impossible so we ended up
doing like the whole record in hotel
rooms will you peek your head out what
peek your head out here we are vocal day
to Eugene Oregon this is the holiday
holiday in ya Ave is a marketplace for
short term creative rentals anyone can
use it it's for recording studios
photography students photo locations a
constant theme that I'm being reminded
of by people in my life like my dad is
you invest into people and not like
ideas or things you believe in people
when I get super stressed out about
success or the next thing I'm gonna work
on or whatever it's really important for
me to just look around at the people and
just be like this this is life this is
why we're here we're here to pour into
other people with Ave our mission is to
help creatives keep creating because I
think creation is so important to so
many people that keeps me grounded when
there's all this business stuff going on
it's like invest in the people in that
face
hello internet friends it is Sarah I
hope you enjoyed the final installment
of creative spaces TV John is so
talented such an awesome human being and
of a-salt such an important problem so
make sure to check out those links down
below in the description season 2 of
creative spaces TV was so much fun to
make and very soon I'll be sharing a
behind-the-scenes video of how I made
these so from everything for
pre-production to post-production I will
be sharing with you Internet you can
find it on the Facebook's and Twitter's
Instagram snapchat all the things so
many exciting things will be coming to
this channel very very soon make sure to
hit that subscribe button down below let
me know if you like this video what did
you guys think of creative spaces TVs I
will see you in the next video have a
fantastic day bye guys
you